Copyedits to Cookies reference (#7502)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/cookies/index.md

## Partitioning {: #partitioning }

[Partitioned cookies][chips] allow a site to mark that certain cookies should be keyed against the
origin of the top-level frame. This means that, for example, if site A is embedded using an iframe in site B

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and site C, a partitioned cookie from site A will have different values when embedded on sites B and C.
```

Author: how's this?

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with that :)

## Partitioning {: #partitioning }

[Partitioned cookies][chips] allow a site to mark that certain cookies should be keyed against the
origin of the top-level frame. This means that, for example, if site A is embedded using an iframe in site B

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Reviewer 2: A single cookie name `foo` can have three different values (or more accurately, can exist three times in different partitions) in each of the following cases:

- When it's the top level frame you navigated to
- When it's embedded on site A
- When it's embedded on site B

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Author: so can I say "a different value on each of the three sites" to make that clearer?

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's quite right - we're talking about a single site C here, just in three different contexts (at the top-level, or in an iframe on two different sites).

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Reviewer: How about "A partitioned cookie from site A will have different values when embedded on sites B and C."

The top-level case isn't being discussed [in this context](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/cookies/#partitioning).

> and site C, a partitioned cookie can have a different value on each site. <!--does that mean all 3, or just B and C?-->

Reviewer 2: So the piece that Privacy Sandbox folk have called me out for in the past is that it's not a single cookie with three values - it's three different cookies that have their own values and potentially different other properties as well.

I don't feel strongly on this and I think your wording gets the point across. But just wanted to call that out.

Because `chrome.cookies` doesn't support partitioning, all of its methods
read and write cookies from all partitions. The [`cookies.set()`](#method-set) method stores cookies in

> the default partition. <!--So cookies can be partitioned, but not using the cookies API. Am I understanding that right?-->

Reviewer: cc @oliverdunk 

That's probably right. Partitioning is very new and I haven't heard of any enhancements to `cookies.set()`.

Reviewer 2: Right. And Chrome decides how they are partitioned.
